[C3] telemetry docs (#16718)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/pages/get-started/c3.mdx

All the boolean options above can be specified with or without a value, for example `--open` and `--open true` have the same effect, prefixing `no-` to the option's name negates it, so for example `--no-open` and `--open false` have the same effect.

:::

## Telemetry

Cloudflare collects anonymous usage data to improve `create-cloudflare` over time. Read more about this in our [data policy](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-sdk/blob/main/packages/create-cloudflare/telemetry.md).

> You can opt-out if you'd not like to share any information.

Reviewer: Do we also want to mention the env var to disable?

Author: Yes! It was here, but I made a mistake when rebasing the branch 🙃 It's added now

All the boolean options above can be specified with or without a value, for example `--open` and `--open true` have the same effect, prefixing `no-` to the option's name negates it, so for example `--no-open` and `--open false` have the same effect.

:::

## Telemetry

Cloudflare collects anonymous usage data to improve `create-cloudflare` over time. Read more about this in our [data policy](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-sdk/blob/main/packages/create-cloudflare/telemetry.md).

> You can opt-out if you'd not like to share any information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can opt-out if you do not wish to share any information.
```

All the boolean options above can be specified with or without a value, for example `--open` and `--open true` have the same effect, prefixing `no-` to the option's name negates it, so for example `--no-open` and `--open false` have the same effect.

:::

## Telemetry

Cloudflare collects anonymous usage data to improve create-cloudflare over time. You may opt-out if you'd not like to share any information.

### Events

We track general usage information, including:

- Arguments passed to the CLI and the answers to each prompts

> - Versions of create-cloudflare

Reviewer 3: @edmundhung, if you wrap `create cloudflare` in backticks, this'll be ignored.

> - Versions of create-cloudflare

Author: Good to know. Thanks!
